So which courses do you need to enroll in to get Java certified as shown in this course title?
This is part one, so that implies there is a part to which there is an enemy.
And yes, you need that course also if you want to be completely covered for all the topics that will
come up in the exam.
Previously, you had to sit for two exams to get Java certified.
I had this course already released for the first exam and a work in progress for the second exam.
But Oracle decided to switch from the requirement of passing two exams to just a single one.
So that's great for you because the new exam is the same length as each of the two previous exams.
It's going to be easier for you to pass because there will be fewer questions per topic as they have
to cram the equivalent of two courses into this new single exam.
The actual material or topics covid haven't changed other than a few things being removed, so I decided
to fix what needed to be fixed up in this course, part one, and then finish off and release part two.
So, yes, you need to enroll in both of my courses, this one, part one, and also part two.
Collectively, they cover 100 percent of the material that can come up in the new exam.
So think of this course, part one as the Essentials collection and part two is the more advanced stuff.
Note that part to my other course contains little to no content from this course.
Part one, they are completely different courses.
I'd recommend you start with this course, part one for obvious reasons, then complete part two, at
which time you are then ready to sit the exam.
The only other thing I want to mention is that these courses are designed to assist you in passing the
exam.
They're not actually designed to teach you Java, though.
Yes, you'll learn a lot of new stuff, particularly with syntax and stuff that you use rarely or ever.
But as you have previously never used Java, you'll most likely struggle in both of these courses.
Fear not, though, because if you're in this scenario, I've got an 80 hour Java master class also
on Udemy, where you can learn Java from scratch so that if you need it for a good portion of that course
and you'll be ready for these two Java certification courses.
But if you have some exposure to Java and you focused on getting Java certified, you could go.
So let's move on to the next video where I want to explain briefly these ridiculous code acronyms or
whatever you want to call them, that Oracle used for their exams.
And what specifically you need to know.
See you in the next video.